#1) In public/zoomingo.html lines 18-34. In public/zoomingo.js function on line 33 (when "New Game" clicked)
    function on line 176 (when #bingo clicked) and function on line 219 (when #reset clicked)
    Given more time I wouldve played with the styles and display more. The functionality is all good

#2) In public/zoomingo.js function on line 60 & line 14 (board size, change event, board DOM requirements)
    In public/styles.css lines 33-40 (style of #board)
    I wouldn't change much with this if given more time. Not exactly sure what there is to change
    It follows the guide/video submission pretty accurately

#3) In public/zoomingo.js function on line 33 ("New Game") Backend in app.js on line 19
    Consider making a toggle function for disabling / enabling buttons (lines 37-41)
    Otherwise no changes would be made. Follows instructions accurately, and is relatively intuitive.

#4) In app.js line 206 and function at 196.
    If given more time would automatically have FREE (id=1) be selected
    However this behavior isn't described in spec of shown in video so I didn't bother to add
    but it makes most sense for best UX.

#5) in public/zoomingo.js function on line 221
    No changes here other than wanting to add a function to toggle enabling/disabling buttons/inputs.
    Potentially by having it pass a Boolean as a parameter.

#6) In public/zoomingo.js function on line 99. Backend in app.js on line 34
    In spec it says to remove eventlistener once clicked (which is done on line 107).
    However I personally would ADD a different event listener once selected so users could deselect square
    Also implementing a backend node to remove scenario from given scenario IDs and so on.
    This is just to inhance the UX but isn't in the spec or video so I did not bother.

#7) public/zoomingo.js function on line 116. Bacekend node in app.js on line 61
    Changes I would make are adding vector direction to it. i.e. only having 5 in size 25 board means you win.
    I would make it so that you have to actually span the board like in actual Bingo rather than just meet a num requirement
    This isn't required in spec so no need to add for purpose of assignment

#8) in app.js function on line 174. (Called in line 24 for newGame node)
    If given more time it would fun to add a password to this so users could actually log in rather than
    just have a unique name tied to a playerID. Far out of scope of CSE154 though.

#9) In zoomingo.db
    No changes here. Pretty straightforward. Although previous changes mentioned would require changes to db
    so it applies here. Username / password things.

#10) In app.js from function on line 130 & function on line 287
    No changes needed here. Everything follows spec, UX and UI relatively intuitive.
    Potentially could add a function or two to update things, but for project this size there
    was no large redundancies by adding data to database.

#11) In public/zoomingo.js lines 20-24 and function on line 129. For backend in app.js node on line 86
    No changes large changes here.
    I think I did a decent job with reusing functions in client for newGame towards resumeGame
    Follows all specifications for newGame into resumeGame

NOTE: My video is in mkv format. If there is any issues please contact me and I can send different format!